In fact, it was doing the best that you can.
Can you think of other ones, other ideas that your parents?
And I always believe this, even in sports.
For example, we didn't have, out on the farm, we didn't have opportunities to do many of the things that are available to rural youth today.
We didn't have 4-H at that time.
It came to be just when I was finishing high school.
So I used to, Sunday after church, I would take my .22 rifle and go hunting, and mostly I was seeing what made things go in the fall and in the winter.
I had the strap on.
But quite apart from this, I used to think, and my grandfather used to make me think there too.
He'd say, why are those trees dying?
And I got to be inquisitive.
The fruit bodies of the fungi that rot the dead trees.
I'd bring these in to Granddad and I'd say, what are these things?
What are they doing growing there?
At a pretty early age.
Well, he couldn't tell me scientifically what they were, but he knew that they were rotting the wood.
I don't think he knew whether it was the same one.
I'm sure he didn't.
It was something else that had killed a tree.
But he always used to ask questions.
Why are these things dying?
He had his own ideas, probably generally wrong.
But he used to ask some questions.
And along the way, also in the work, for example, I mentioned the thrashing
Another long struggle, this was just between the two farms, was making the hay for all the animals.
That went on for two or three weeks, or sometimes maybe even a month.
So this is, it was these years that you learned to get along with people and to work with people?
Yeah, and grandfather, the one thing that he used to always want to do was to run the mower, cut the grass, and every noon,
when after as soon as we'd eat he'd say come on i have to sharpen the sickle i'd go out there and i'd have to turn that damn grindstone when he and pour water on the grindstone when he would chop in the sickle so it wasn't so hard on the horses every noon and every night after we got done this was the ritual and i think that was part of the work ethic you did it from the time you were a little guy just able to
In other words, you didn't quit the job until you were finished?
No.
No goofing off.
In the same way, if grandmother was going to make soap, I had the job of putting all the wood chips underneath and keeping that fire going.
When it got to the point where you put the Lewis Lye in the thing and you might get scalded or burned, it would chase you away.
Always there were those little things.
go out and collect the eggs, feed the chickens.
All of these were parts of the soil.
Industry then was another thing that you learned growing up.
Right.
And I learned that there could be fun in these things if you learn something along the way.
And I used to ask my grandfather and later my dad too, what about that?
Why is it this way?
And then the spirit of trying to do the best you can.
We didn't have
athletics and sports back in the countryside, but even before I started high school or when I was starting, in addition to the high school sports, we used to have our country baseball team.
I used to organize this and we used to play out in the call pastures and sometimes when I'd slide into third base, it wasn't the third base, the call had been there before, but
That's the kind of thing we did, and we had some surprisingly good teams for just country boys.
We'd take on some of the big towns, and sometimes we'd lick them.
And I think a lot of it was that we worked together for quite a few years, and this was a spirit.
And I think that carried through into high school.
I used to like competitive athletics in high school and in the university as well.
And is there something else back in the farm that I'm forgetting?
No, no, no, no.
When I got to high school, the principal was a man of... Wait a minute, wait a minute.
You're right.
I want to ask you something else before we get to high school, and that is about your siblings.
Do you have a... I have a daughter who was one-year-old
when she came to Mexico, a little more.
No, your brothers and sisters.
Oh, excuse me, excuse me.
I have two sisters.
There were three.
One died in childbirth, apparently injured at the time of delivery.
She lived only five days.
My first sister, younger than I am by two years, Palma and Mrs. Behrens, she said,
widow now, grew up, she went to Iowa State Teachers College and she just retired about a year ago after 38 years of teaching primary school, one of the top primary school teachers, kindergarten teachers I should say, in the state of Iowa.
My younger sister, five years younger than I am, and Palma Behrens,
as a son and a daughter, both of whom are grown and have families.
My younger sister, youngest sister, Charlotte Culbert, finished high school.
She was married pretty young in life to a farmer.
And they retired, now live in the little town of Cresco.
They have three.
three children, all adults.
I always, when we started talking, Dad and Mother and I, about university training, I said, I'll make it some way.
You think it's Obama or my sisters.
This was during the worst of the Depression.
They had very little money left after the bank disaster, but they did have the farm clear, and I told you, by a good stroke of luck, they just bought all the materials for building, lumber for building the new barn.
And so, even despite the hard times of the 30s, they were saving little money because we didn't spend much.
And so when it came time, whether I was going to college or not, I stayed out after I graduated from high school.
First, I stayed out one year before I went to high school.
My mother thought I was too young after I finished the eighth grade.
Besides, I had to go to Confirmation, Lutheran Confirmation.
They didn't want me to do this because I was too young when I was in the eighth grade.
And so I stayed out, but I went to school anyway.
I just kind of went to the second year, eighth grade, and gave me a little more time to read, although I didn't have any books in the library, very few.
But I enjoyed it.
School was always pleasant to me.
Then after I went to high school, I stayed out one year also before I went to the university, because that was the worst of the depression.
And I got a little money together just working in whatever I could do during thrashing, saved all of it in this little trap line.
I guess I had the magnificent sum of $150 that I saved up, which got me started.
And I should have pointed out that in the high school,
I got interested in athletics and I played football and wrestling.
You were telling a story about your sister.
Oh, about my sister.
So we decided this was when I was getting ready to go to college.
Dad says, well, I don't have much that I can help you with, but
I'll help you all I can.
And I said, let me try it alone.
You, whatever you can give to my sister, Alma, better save for that, Charlotte later.
So that was agreed.
And that's the way it worked out.
And so that's how she got to go to college.
College, right.
Well, then let's go back to
the years, the 8th grade, 9th grade, 10th grade, senior high school.
What were your favorite subjects?
Well, at that time when I got to high school, I thought with the way things were going, I was almost certain to be a farmer.
So I took Smith Hughes Agriculture.
This was the agricultural high school course.
And it so happened that
We had a very young, dynamic teacher who was just fresh out of Iowa State, Harry Schroeder, and he spent his entire life there.
Won the Outstanding Teacher Award for the State of Iowa and died in a tragic fishing accident.
He and two other high school teachers, when they were up fishing,
Spring of the year, they went in a cabin, a wasp had built a nest in the chimney, and they came in tired and left their fish inside the bed and there were rods.
They found them three days later.
They'd been cast from carbon monoxide, from dioxide, monoxide, from the flue on the stove.
My goodness, that is terrible.
I've never even heard of that.
Talk about an unusual thing.
Found them all dead.
Well, anyway, he was an excellent teacher.
And he used to also tell me, well, you've got to go to the university.
If you go to the university, you like agriculture good and well.
You've got a good background for it.
And he used to be on the wrestling team in Iowa State also.
He was a big burly guy.
But the principal was a little guy by the name of Dave Bartelma.
And he was a strong disciplinarian, no monkey business, but also an excellent teacher.
And he was the wrestling coach.
And so I went out for wrestling, and I got pretty close to him.
And he made this little town into one of the hot spots of wrestling.
throughout the United States.
Less than 3,000 people.
Out of our ten-man high school team, when I was senior, seven of those kids wrestled later on Big Ten or Big Six teams.
And two of them were national champions.
And that's the way he was.
He was organized.
And when I went to Minnesota, after my... Did you wrestle for him?
Yes.
Wow.
You had to tell us about... Then I wrestled in high school.
I never did win the state championship.
I got to the finals.
Oh, did you really?
In Iowa, 145.
Then I went to Minnesota, and that was by pure stroke of luck.
In 1933, after having stayed out from high school for a year to get a little money,
The Iowa State Teachers Coach, where this professor, this high school principal had studied, came up to convince me that I should come to Iowa State Teachers College and he would get me a job for it.
I don't remember what it was, working for my room or some such thing.
He got interested in me because of wrestling and baseball.
But there was none of this giving out money at that point.
And I had about decided to do this.
And this was because the year when I was out of high school, I competed in the Midwest AAU.
Again, I went to the finals and was beaten by the
guy at what's now Northern Iowa, then Iowa State teachers who won the thing, and I was just a high school kid.
The same guy?
He was a senior.
He beat you twice the same day?
No, this was a different guy.
Oh.
This was a high school or college senior, and I was not even a freshman.
And so this coach
He took a look at this and so he came up and convinced me I should come down there and he'd help me get a job.
And I decided I was going to Iowa State teachers and I was going to become a high school science teacher and an athletic coach, high school athletic coach.
I liked this combination.
And about a week before, no, two weeks before I was to have gone,
young guy by the name of George Champlin who'd graduated a year from the same high school, a year before I started, had gone to Minnesota.
I knew his family and never knew him personally.
His father had been a county auditor for a long time and they were a prominent, well-respected family.
George happened to be a very fast little halfback and he had made a pretty big name for a 145 pounder
at that time on Bernie Berman's teams because he didn't like little football players.
This guy could really run.
And he came one afternoon, he drove up out there and he said, he says, you don't know me but I know you.
He says, come on get your things together and go with me to Minnesota tomorrow.
I want you to look at the University of Minnesota.
I said, well, I'm going to Iowa State teachers.
He said, well, I got to go to early football practice tomorrow.
He said, you come on up.
If you don't like it, you can come back.
You can come back.
And so, hi.
He convinced me, and I rode up with him, and he was all beat up, Model A, or whatever it was.
And one of my other high school classmates rode along, who was also going to Iowa State teachers.
And this guy, George Champlin, was a real operator.
By the end of the day, he had us both had jobs in the university coffee shop working for our food, and he got us another job working for our room.
And then, better than that even, since we were both little country boys, he had sort of a big room, and he moved us in with him for the first quarter.
Well, we made the adjustment before he moved over to the fraternity house, so he was the guiding hand, and I owe him a great deal.
Then there was the little problem about that the University of Minnesota probably didn't think I should be in the university in any case.
In Iowa, to go to either Iowa State or Iowa State Teachers or University of Iowa,
8th grade, we didn't have junior high schools in many of the small towns.
We had high school, 9th, 10th, 11th, and 12th.
But in Minnesota at that time, junior high school, 9th grade didn't count as entrance requirements for the university.
Although I had a good academic record, when I got to Minnesota and presented my credentials,
So they said, well, you're deficient, whatever it was, four units freshman year.
The only way you can get into the university is to take a special exam, which I did and proceeded to flunk it beautifully.
And then there was the big discussion whether I should actually be in the university at all.
What kind of special exam was it?
One that was made up of a hell of a lot of vocabulary.
I don't remember that.
Words that I'd never heard a good share of, and you can imagine how I did.
And besides, I was nervous when I knew that this was pretty decisive.
And so I proceeded to flunk it beautifully, and then I was called in to the head of testing, who later became vice president of the university.
And I saw him.
As a matter of fact, he and his wife, and my wife and I were chaperones at the Forestry College of Agriculture.
Thanksgiving dance.
The day before I left or after I got my PhD to go to Dupont, I said, do you remember?
I was the guy that wasn't supposed to succeed.
Well, to make a long story short, going back.
It so happened that they were in need of some white guinea pigs or experimental rats, educational rats.
It was the first year
that they were establishing what was called the General College on the main campus of the University of Minnesota, which would lead to Associate of Arts degree, which was a terminon degree for most.
If you made an outstandingly good record, you could transfer to another college.
And they needed some of these white rats.
And so I was picked as one of them.
That was, I think, in many ways, a stroke of luck because
I went, of course, back behind with Champlin.
He wasn't going to let me go back to Cresco and be a washout.
And I couldn't go back out of pride.
So I wasn't smart enough to get into the university.
So I figured, well, I guess this is the least degrading, so I'd give it a try.
But I had the good stroke of luck that my first advisor
was the late Dr. Fred Hovde.
How do you spell his name?
H-O-V-D-E, who later became president of Purdue.
This was his first job after he came back from Oxford, from Rhodes Scholarship.
He was assistant dean.
They called him director.
They didn't even give General College deanship.
He was named a Rhodes Scholar.
He'd been a quarterback at Minnesota, a very good one.
He was a good student, scholar, athlete.
And I'm sure again, Chaplin was around the corner here talking to Hovde that this guy isn't as bad as that exam says he is.
And so he looked at my record and he said, well, he said, I don't know why you've loused up this test this bad because it doesn't jive with your academic record in your high school.
And he said, let's see what we can do about it.
So he fixed out a program.
He said, looks like you've got some blind spots, and we'll see what we can do about it.
So I registered, and I did very well.
The second semester, when I came in for the third semester, these were quarters.
Yeah, still on quarters.
And he said, you can transfer wherever you want to go.
I said, I'd like to go to Forest Street.
He picked up the telephone, and he said,
I got a young man over here that liked to come to forestry.
He's been here with me for two semesters or two quarters.
And he said, I think that he's got the makings where you accept.
So I started forestry and I graduated then.
And I thought that
I really was amazed when I saw on your veto that you went to Minnesota.
And I thought it was for academic programs.
And now I find out.
It was George Champlin, this little.
That was a buddy of yours.
He was the guy that was the culpable, the responsible one.
And he was a real maneuver.
And you know, there's another sequel here that's kind of interesting.
I carried a full load.
I worked for my room and my board.
That's where I went at the university coffee shop, where I met my wife to be.
She was working her way through also.
And then I was very successful.
In those times, no one as freshmen could compete in athletics.
But we used to have all university athletic
I don't remember what they called it.
All of the... Intermarrow?
Intermarrow, yeah.
Big carnival or whatever it was.
All kinds of events.
Both team and individual.
Track and the whole gamut of things.
Wrestling, boxing, and
I was an experienced high school wrestler.
This was before Minnesota had much wrestling.
Only two teams competed, Rochester and Austin.
This little town of Cresco used to really wipe the mats with them because they had poor coaching, even though they had big students.
Unattached, I wrestled both my own weight, 145, and I wrestled a heavyweight.
That was before there were any restrictions.
You could wrestle two weights if you wanted.
So I won both of these, including the heavyweight, against a great, big, burly football player.
Simply because of knowledge and coaching.
Then I competed in the Midwest AAU with one hit.
Northwest, I guess it was.
And then my second year, I guess I lost one meet against Illinois.
I made a really pretty fantastic record because Minnesota was pretty damn poor in wrestling.
About that time, the coach, who was really a banker, a lawyer, part-time coach, he did it for a hobby.
was going to retire, so based on pretty largely on my record, and this other boy who'd come from the same high school, Upton, he also had a good record, not as good as mine, but the captain of our team says, when we went to the athletic director, the whole squad one morning after the season, and he said, we want to hire Dave Bartelma to fill the vacancy.
Borlaug and Upton's high school coach and principal.
Frank McCormick, the athletic director, used to be the baseball coach, he said, hell, we don't have any money to pay for this kind of person.
And Clive Johnson, who was a big light heavyweight, pretty sharp, he was an ROTC officer, and he says, why don't you give it a try before you say you can't do it?
To make a long story short, they hired him.
And Dave Barthelma,
Also, by then, just finished his PhD in psychology and education.
That's the kind of guy he was.
Pretty firm disciplinary.
And he came up there and the first thing he
Then he said, look, he said, this is a good sport for high school kids, which it is because 85-pounders the whole way up to compete.
But he said Minnesota doesn't have any preparation.
So he used to give this light heavyweight, the captain and I, two bus tickets to go to some parent-teacher's meeting halfway across the state and 35 cents for supper.
We'd put on a demonstration of what they thought wrestling was, the slapstick pro stuff.
And then we'd put on an amateur thing, get a couple of kids from the PT class, put on a demonstration, and it all took off.
Before I left graduate school, I coached after I'd finished, a freshman also, and used to referee.
By then, high school wrestling became
big stuff in Minnesota.
By the time I finished high school wrestling, I also refereed the first state tournaments and also the first district tournaments.
And so I saw this all grow.
And I guess in 71 or 72 when I was back there, which happened to coincide with the state tournament, high school tournament, they told me that there were more kids competing in wrestling than in any other sport except basketball in the state of Minnesota.
So that's kind of interesting.
Even more than football?
Because small towns had wrestling.
Right.
They didn't have enough money for football.
Exactly.
Because it doesn't take much to put a wrestling team on the band.
That's an interesting story.
So I, in effect, was involved in hiring my high school
coach.
There wasn't any hiring, I mean, but that's the way it worked out.
That's a good place to talk about last time that I'd like to continue.
Today is, what is it today, the 12th?
10th.
10th of February, 1984, and we're in the second interview with Norman Borlaug.
This is Terry Anderson, and while thinking over the interview,
last time I came up with some questions that I'd like us to sort of backtrack on and then we'll get back to the University of Minnesota.
One was, when you went to the University of Minnesota, you explained why you went to Minnesota.
Like by accident.
Yes.
And when you did go there, did you ever think at that time that you would be going back to the family farm?
Well, I guess there was no way of knowing, but things were so miserable during the 30s and the economic depression that I suppose, even though I can't recall precisely how I looked at it, I guess the fact that I went into forestry
indicated that I wasn't very hopeful that the farming situation would be such that it would be attractive again on the small farm that we had.
I can't recall any of the details.
I always liked the farm, but the economic situations in the 30s were so miserable, I saw all the banks go broken, farmers lose their land, because if they had stock in the bank, they had double the indemnity.
They would foreclose on the farms in order to raise enough money to pay off for that stock.
And then I saw even worse, a year or two after that, sometimes all the personal property was sold from the sheriff's sale by those same families that had been well-to-do people and good farmers.
So I guess this had a... So you were hopeful.
I wasn't too optimistic at the time.
And I would imagine that was one of the parts that was in aspects that was involved when I decided to have a try at forestry, because if I had wanted to hope that I could go ahead on the family farm, almost certainly I would have gone into agronomy or some aspect of applied agriculture.
Okay, well that answers another question that I was going to ask you, too.
Why a kid from a farm would want to go into forestry, and in other words, it was the impact of the Great Depression.
Except for one other aspect.
For example, on Sundays and holidays, I used to like to roam the woods.
There were oak woods around this farm that I grew up on, some fairly sizable tracks that were all in family wood lots, but maybe 1,200-1,500 acres in one block, and so I used to roam these during the hunting season.
I used to like to fish.
There wasn't much fish in those small streams and rivers because they'd be killed out by the
ice freezing every year, except in a few deeper holes.
But I liked fishing and hunting, and I suppose this had, and I told you I ran a trap line, I believe, this used to appeal to me, just as being in the Alcar.
There is another issue.
You said that your grandfather was not in any farm organization, and you've alluded to the fact that during the Great Depression, a number of farms were collapsing.
Did your father ever get involved during these really bad times on the farm?
Did your father ever get involved in any of the farm organizations, which there were a number during the Great Depression, and a number of those were increasingly radical?
No, he never did.
And curiously enough, right around the county where we were located, there was no radical groups there.
There was some pretty strong feelings towards, in that period, in the next county south, where the Collins Land and Mortgage Company came in and took over a lot of those farms that had been foreclosed on.
With my understanding, recollection,
that those farms were, the mortgages were held by one or more of the large insurance companies in the East, and when they went broke, they formed this subsidiary holding company, the Collins Land and Mortgage Company.
They pulled up all the fences, started plowing it out to the edge of the roads, and there was strong resentment there.
But apparently the markets went so bad that that was folded up.
It never prospered.
And as things began to pick up, apparently those farms were sold off.
But that was the closest right around Howard County.
This was mostly in Chickasaw, where this took place.
that I noticed that there was pretty strong public feelings against this sort of anger.
And it was directed toward some eastern establishment then?
It wasn't directed toward any individuals in the community?
No, no.
But it was toward something that they couldn't get a handle on, something vague on.
Hidden hand.
Yeah, the hidden hand.
The hidden hand of the free market, yeah.
And so,
and a little farther west, a couple of counties over, when things were at its worst, I did not see this personally, but my granddad used to talk about this.
at some of those sheriff's sales.
The second one, after the farms had been foreclosed on, but a year or two later, when the personal property was sold at sheriff's sale, the neighbors turned up with shotguns and pitchforks at those sheriff's sales.
And they bought in that property and obviously turned it back to the owner for a pittance of what it was really worth.
It wasn't healthy to bid against those people.
So there were real strong feelings, but it didn't happen to be right around the community.
I've forgotten the name.
I have in the back of my mind the name of
the town, but I think I would rather not put that on the tape because that's a long time back.
But I do know that it was several counties west.
Did you ever read the grapes of Ralph?
Yes.
Did you find any analogies in the grapes of Ralph?
Yes, I think so.
Well, what could you explain?
But not to the same extent.
I think it was worse than some of the settings that he picked for it.
Yeah.
The Oklahoma, the dust storm, all of this.
We had the drought in 34, 35.
Also, my grandfather told me that the drought of
I suppose it was 35, was the closest to a crop failure that he had, I'm not sure it was 34 or 35, anyway, when it was at the university, was the closest he had seen to really complete a crop failure in that part of Iowa from the time he was a small boy.
Oats were miserable, the hay was bad, and the corn was bad.
Let me stop this.
Did the Great Depression and the problems with the Great Depression, did that have an impact on your father's politics, his political views?
No, I don't think so.
I think that he, even though he did a great deal of reading about the world economic situation, especially the agricultural situation in the U.S.,
He used to read the, among other farm papers, the Wallace Farmer and Henry Wallace, as you remember, became the Secretary of Agriculture under Roosevelt, and I have a feeling that, recalling
those days that Dad was a strong supporter of Henry Wallace's philosophies, which was New Deal.
Even though I'm sure that most often he voted Republican, he would vote for an individual also, candidate.
Not necessarily a straight party.
Right, so in other words, he might on local elections vote Republican, but on the national scene support Roosevelt usually?
I think that in that case, he never did tell me, but I felt certain that he probably would voted for Roosevelt, at least in the first two goals.
I had long since left with the East, so I don't know
what he did later.
We never talked to politics very much, except as it related to economics.
Well, you could first vote in the election in 1936.
Yes.
And did you vote for Roosevelt?
In 1936, I really hadn't had a residence long enough to be eligible to vote.
I was working for the Forest Service, and I was out.
Let's see.
Yes, out in Massachusetts.
I hadn't been there long enough or didn't get my papers in order, so I missed a chance to vote at that time.
Would you have voted for Roosevelt?
Yes, I think so, because I'd worked by that time, you see, in a lot of those emergency programs.
For example, Civilian Conservation Corps.
I was a NYA student, National Youth Administration student.
And I'd never made it to the university if it hadn't been for that help.
Okay, well, now that we're on that, let's go back to the university and let's talk about those Roosevelt policies and the impact that they had on your life.
Can you explain how you got the National Youth Administration job and tell me what you did?
Yes.
You see, I had only about a hundred and fifty dollars or thereabouts when I started the university, but I did get two jobs.
I worked for my board at a restaurant, and after that went broke, I was fortunate enough to, after a hell of a time for several months, to get a job in a sorority house, a waiter, working food.
And then I
had another job that I worked where I could scratch together about enough to pay for my room.
That, as I recall, I used to park cars under the Northrop Auditorium at the concerts and the artist courses.
That helped.
It wasn't enough to pay for the room because it was only, as I recall, one night a week or something like that.
Where'd you live?
A rooming house?
A rooming house.
Do you remember where it was?
Well, I moved around in southeast Minneapolis.
I lived there all during my college career, undergraduate.
The first one was in the Kearsarge Apartments.
They were directly across on 15th, directly across from where the new athletic headquarters of the university is.
There were three old brick buildings there.
The new track facilities, the outside outdoor track facilities, yeah.
And especially the administrative offices.
where the athletic department has their administrative offices and they do have some gymnasium or some such thing there.
Yeah, but they have a new baseball field there.
Yeah, but it's... Berman field, isn't it?
Yes, but I think it's... That's down in Louisiana.
That was where I lived the first year and the second year
15th, I believe, so this must have been on about 13th and about 7th or 8th.
Yeah, I know where you were, because I lived in there too.
And within a few blocks of there, all four years, the University coffee shop had disappeared by the time you arrived.
It was on, what's the street, not University, 5th, where the main traffic comes from.
Oh yeah, yeah.
5th and about.
Fourth.
Fourth and about, let's see, 15th, 14th, between 13th and 14th.
Yeah, where the theater is.
Yeah, it's across the street.
little farther up towards this.
Dinkytown, did they call it Dinkytown?
Dinkytown.
We used to call it the Dinkyt Theater also.
They did change the name to Varsity Theater or something like that.
That's sophisticated.
Yeah.
There used to be a, well all of those places have disappeared, at least the names have changed.
Some of the buildings I guess still look pretty much the same.
And so,
Let's get back then to the National Youth Administration and how you got that job.
Well, I got, I had enough money to get registered for the second quarter, but I was without even Nichols.
and somebody told me about this NYAA situation, so I went over and put in an application.
There wasn't anything right then.
Mrs. Johnson was her name, I've forgotten, Dorothy, I believe, Mrs. Dorothy Johnson.
I saw her many years later.
She came to Mexico once, and I took her out to the experimental station, but she
told me, well, she's one of my great records in my background, and she said, there's nothing now.
But I think right after that second semester, or quarter, some way or another, I survived, and I remember that before I got hooked up to the sorority house,
after the university coffee shop went broke, there were weeks when we'd get the, all of us that worked there were in the same shape, I don't know, 15, 20 students, those little coupons for at the White Castle hamburgers place, and with one of those I think you could get three of those hamburgers
for a dime or for 15 cents.
I think three for a dime.
There used to be a nickel apiece, and that and milk was the only damn thing I had for several weeks.
Where was White Castle located then?
The closest one was on University, right on the corner of University and Fourth.
No kidding.
It's no longer there.
No, it's no longer there either, just across from the College of Education.
Yeah, but now they have a McDonald's, so.
Yeah.
So, at the end of that quarter, and then I was really stuck.
I couldn't even pay my tuition.
I went over to see Miss Johnson again, the administrator for it.